Add class for tag `Noscript` and ability define him for tag `Script` via methods  `Script::noscript()`, `Script::noscriptTag()` and `Script::noscriptPosition()` (#88)
yiisoft/html: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii HTML Change Log

## 2.1.0 under development

> - New #88: Add class for tag `Noscript` and ability define him for tag `Script` via methods
>   `Script::noscript()`, `Script::noscriptTag()` and `Script::noscriptPosition()` (vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #88: Add `Noscript` tag support and shortcuts for `Script` tag via methods
  `Script::noscript()`, `Script::noscriptTag()` and `Script::noscriptPosition()` (vjik)
```

Author: Done
